Hello Guys welcome to this video.
In this video we'll will start customizing of her team will customized our header.
This box right here is called Hedger this one is the content and this one is the footer.
So let's start customizing it.
This video is very important.
If you if you want to customize your team or can logon to your best Bendel now go to sahi for option
click on it.
Now here we have all the settings ready to our team our header settings are kind of setting both settings
are all the settings that we need.
OK so you don't need to go anywhere else.
Just click on this.
And here is all of our options where we can customize over to you.
So let's start with digital settings and the general setting.
We have a team here and we have three layouts there is frame boffed and full Bideford.
It is frame that the layer you see here is framed in frame you see hador is separated the content Calderone
separated and separated.
All of these are separate.
All right.
These are not combined.
What you want these to be combined.
All you need to do is look don't box two in but we have all these combined.
So let's check this out.
But make sure you see if Janey's.
All right let's refresh and you will see all of these will be in one box seat.
Now these are all combined headers combined with content and is also combined.
So these are all in one box if you like slay or you can use it if you want.
OK so next thing we have is the Fabrikant fairy god is very important on the website.
You see this little icon here with the titlebar This is gonna be gone.
OK.
I have I have downloaded two pictures.
We will use one for our logo.
This is a follow up we didn't want it.
We want our computer to be here.
I have a picture that we use as a logo but you can create your own logo if you if you know how to work
with photoshop or you can buy logo and if you want.
So I have our logo that we would use here.
And this icon here on the Turtle about the fabric on indigenous setting we have custom Fevicol option
and let upload recall and can upload upper files select files and I have two files one for lower end
of our favorite on a list upload the Falcon right now let me see.
Here is the Fed going you see.
We will use this as an example for Fabricant or Paul unselect and Velvel he saved you and you and you
will see it will can up when we it is known as the fish and you will see Gone Gallwey appear here.
See this is a freebie call.
OK.
So after every call.
OK we're only doorstepping that we really need another team.
I will not give her any extra setting because we don't need it.
I record all those settings that are important for our blog the extras that only just waste our time
because we don't need any added extra setting.
So the general setting We're adults we have OK we have time for Formic forget all the setting we don't
need them.
The next important thing is this time format.
We have three options here.
One is traditional traditional time is like five or five.
November 15 November 2015.
That is traditional but time ago format is like 10 minutes ago or two days ago.
Let me see here you see this post is three days ago.
This board is all that two days ago said this is the time ago format but you can order it Jewish tradition
if you want to see what it looks like.
OK.
And we're only fresh.
And you will see the traditional name see November 15 2015.
This is the traditional time GOLAZO disable it if you want but it will not be a good idea to keep it
a go for me.
OK so let's see if years ago it.
Let me see what else we have in here to cover.
OK.
Next thing is bed.
Let me tell you what bankruptcy is.
So if I open this website it is a breadcrumb story Norbert grub's breadcrumbs.
I always knew I was wrong.
So this is breadcrumbs hoor had this boss who had to see the breadcrumbs.
OK we are from the home page we are in the health category and in the health category we are on the
post.
This post you need to be held.
This is the breadcrumbs so this little sign is the bright side and you can just decide if you will.
Jane sign.
All you need do is put design here whatever you want.
Right now the sign is this.
Let's get rid of them and let's see if changes hands you will see this will be just OK.
Fresh a..
No this site is changed.
So this is what breadcrumbs do.
OK you can either dissevered breadcrumb if you want but I recommend you do this on so we are done with
General settings in the next.
We have the header settings and headers setting with this heading right here to this area from this
to this.
All of this is in the header.
We can do this in the header and we can apply our Or upload our logo we can get this menu.
All of these will be covered in the header settings.
So thank you guys for watching this video.
I will start working on the settings in the next video you.